[Insect buzzing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
YEP.
MMM-HMM.
[Slurps]
YOU KNOW WHAT IT COULD BE?
THAT DAMN STARTER MOTOR.
YOU GETTING GOOD COMPRESSION?
YEAH.
I KNOW WHAT'S WRONG WITH IT.
IT'S A FORD.
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY
FORD STANDS FOR. DON'T YOU?
IT STANDS FOR
"FIX IT AGAIN. TONY."
[Laughs]
YOU'RE THINKING OF A FIAT. DALE.
"FIX IT AGAIN"...
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT YOU DO.
YOU JUST TAKE THEM DAMN SPARK
PLUGS OUT. AND IN THAT LITTLE HOLE.
YOU JUST PUT A LITTLE OIL ROUND
THERE. JUST LIKE BOBBY UNSER SAID.
"THE SHOCK'D GO
BOO-BOOM." JUST LIKE THAT.
WELL. I WISH IT WERE
THAT SIMPLE. BOOMHAUER.
BUT I'LL TELL YOU WHAT
MY TRUCK REALLY NEEDS.
LEADERSHIP.
DETROIT HASN'T
FELT ANY REAL PRIDE
SINCE GEORGE BUSH WENT TO JAPAN
AND VOMITED ON
THEIR AUTO EXECUTIVES.
WHO'S READY?
[Birds chirping]
[Ice rustling]
YOU ALL CATCH THE
SEINFELD SHOW LAST NIGHT?
YEP.
OH. HELL. I MISSED IT.
I TELL YOU WHAT.
YOU SEE THAT PART WHERE
DANG OLD GEORGE COME IN THERE?
HE'S TALKING ABOUT
TASTING HIS OWN BURP.
AND KRAMER COMES SLIDING IN
[Laughing] JUST LIKE
HE ALWAYS DOES.
I TELL YOU WHAT. MAN.
THEM DANG OLD NEW
YORK BOYS. HA-HA.
JUST A SHOW ABOUT NOTHING.
♪ [Theme music playing]
WHAT YOU LISTENING TO. SON?
I DON'T THINK YOU'D LIKE IT.
WELL. WHY NOT?
I LIKE THIS NEW
GENERATION OF MUSIC.
[Phone ringing]
[Woman] HELLO?
[Farting sound]
MOTHER OF GOD! IT'S
ALL TOILET SOUNDS!
WHERE DID YOU RECORD THIS?
I BOUGHT IT AT THE MALL.
IT'S THE FUNNY PHONE JERKS.
LET ME TELL YOU. BOBBY.
THERE'S NOTHING FUNNY
ABOUT THESE SOUNDS.
WHAT THAT PERSON
ON YOUR TAPE HAS
IS A MEDICAL DISORDER.
NOW YOU GET READY
FOR THE GAME. OK?
AIN'T RIGHT.
[Screams]
OH. GOD!
LUANNE. I THOUGHT YOU WENT HOME!
NUH-UH. UNCLE HANK. MAMA
AND DADDY ARE STILL FIGHTING.
WELL. YOU'RE WELCOME TO STAY.
BUT FOR GOD'S SAKES.
GIRL. LOCK THE DOOR.
I'VE GOT A MINOR SON
LIVING IN THIS HOUSE.
[Car door opening]
SO ARE YOU READY TO KICK
SOME WILDCAT BUTT. BOBBY?
OK.
NOW DON'T YOU WORRY. SON.
YOU JUST DO YOUR BEST.
DON'T LISTEN TO HER. BOBBY.
IF YOU WANT TO WIN.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
DO BETTER THAN YOUR BEST.
HOW DO I DO THAT?
YOU GOTTA GIVE 110 PERCENT.
THAT'S WHAT'LL GIVE
YOU THAT WINNING EDGE.
BUT WHAT IF THE WILDCATS
GIVE 110 PERCENT. TOO?
WELL. THEN YOU GOTTA
TRY EVEN HARDER.
HOW ABOUT IF BOBBY
GAVE 112 PERCENT?
UH. SURE. THAT'D WORK.
OR MAYBE 113.
[Sighs]
YEAH. YEAH. THAT'S EVEN BETTER.
MMM. NO. UH-UH. I DON'T KNOW.
13 IS A VERY UNLUCKY NUMBER.
LOOK. WE'RE NOT
TALKING ABOUT 13.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT 113.
AND EVEN...
OK. GIVE 112. WHAT'S
THE DIFFERENCE?
LOOK. BOBBY. JUST
DO YOUR BEST. OK?
[Crowd chattering]
SWING. BOBBY! SWING! SWING!
[Muttering]
BALL ONE.
GOOD EYE. HONEY. GOOD EYE.
OH. FOR CRYING OUT LOUD.
BOBBY. YOU CAN'T MAKE AN
OMELET WITHOUT BREAKING EGGS.
AND YOU CAN'T GET ON BASE
WITHOUT TAKING A SWING.
THE PITCHER COULD
WALK ME. COULDN'T HE?
DON'T PLAY LAWYER-BALL. SON.
NOW YOU HIT THE NEXT
ONE OUT OF THE PARK.
RUN!
[Hank] RUN! RUN!
WHEW!
[Whistling]
LOOK AT THE BATTER. BOY!
WATCH THE BALL!
HUH?
WHAT?
HEY. DON'T LOOK AT ME!
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE BALL.
KEEP MY EYE ON THE WHAT?
STOP LOOKING AT ME. BOY!
WATCH THE BALL!
CAN'T HEAR YOU. DAD!
[Crowd gasps]
[Sighs]
DON'T WORRY. BOBBY.
YOU PLAYED A GOOD GAME.
[Hank] I GOTTA STOP
IN HERE FOR A MINUTE.
AND GET ME SOME
WD-40 AND A TAP AND DIE.
♪ [Muzak playing]
[Woman] MANAGER TO
REGISTER 47. PLEASE.
[Sighs]
I HATE THIS PLACE.
EXCUSE ME. WHERE IS THE
HARDWARE DEPARTMENT?
WHERE IS THE
UM. HMM.
WHAT EXACTLY IS IT
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR?
THE HARDWARE DEPARTMENT.
YEAH. BUT ARE YOU LOOKING
FOR. LIKE. A TOOL OR SOMETHING?
WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE?
HUH.
[Sighs]
OK. I'M LOOKING FOR A TAP
AND DIE AND SOME WD-40.
HUH. WELL. WHAT IS IT
THAT YOU'RE TRYING TO DO?
I'M TRYING TO BUY A TAP
AND DIE AND SOME WD-40
AND GET OUT OF THIS
GODFORSAKEN STORE!
OH.
A-AND WHAT IS A TAP AND DIE?
OK! FORGET IT!
LET'S SAY I WANT A HAMMER!
DO YOU KNOW WHAT A HAMMER IS?
THAT'S WHAT I WANT!
A DAMNED HAMMER!
NOW WHERE IN THE
HELL WOULD I GO?
HEY. THAT'S THAT HANK HILL FELLA
THAT LIVES ON THE
BLOCK NEXT TO US.
HE SURE HAS A
TEMPER. DOESN'T HE?
SURE DOES.
MAKES YOU WONDER WHO
GAVE HIS BOY THAT BLACK EYE.
UH. YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO PAY FOR THAT. DUDE.
YOU'RE FIRED!
HMM.
ELLA SAYS SHE SAW
HANK HIT HIS SON.
REALLY? I HEARD HE THREATENED A
CLERK IN MEGA LO MART WITH A HAMMER.
DID YOU HEAR ABOUT HANK HILL?
HE BEAT UP HIS SON.
AND THEN SOME LADIES IN
MEGA LO MART TRIED TO STOP HIM.
AND HE BEAT THEM UP. TOO.
WELL. SOMEBODY REALLY OUGHT
TO REPORT HIM FOR THE BOY'S SAKE.
[Anthony] YOU SAY HE
HIT HIS SON WITH A BAT?
NO. THAT IS DEFINITELY
NOT ACCEPTABLE.
I WISH I COULD. MA'AM.
BUT THE REGULATIONS SAY
WE CAN'T TAKE CUSTODY OF
THE BOY WITHOUT AN INTERVIEW.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
HE'S IN THE SYSTEM NOW.
I AM ON MY WAY.
[Whimpers]
HEY. I KNOW WHAT'S
WRONG WITH YOUR TRUCK.
IT'S YOUR QUOTE-UNQUOTE
"POLLUTION CONTROL."
I HEARD ON TALK RADIO
YOU DON'T EVEN NEED 'EM.
THEY'RE JUST AN EGGHEAD
GOVERNMENT PLOT.
HOW IS CUTTING DOWN ON
POLLUTION A GOVERNMENT PLOT. DALE?
OPEN UP YOUR EYES. MAN.
THEY'RE TRYING TO
CONTROL GLOBAL WARMING.
GET IT?
GLO-BAL.
SO... WHAT?
THAT'S CODE FOR U.N.
COMMISSARS TELLING AMERICANS
WHAT TEMPERATURE IT'S
GONNA BE IN OUR OUTDOORS.
I SAY LET THE WORLD WARM UP.
SEE WHAT BOUTROS
BOUTROS-GHALI-GHALI THINKS ABOUT THAT.
[Sniffs]
WE'LL GROW ORANGES IN ALASKA.
DALE. YOU GIBLET-HEAD.
WE LIVE IN TEXAS.
IT'S ALREADY 110 IN THE SUMMER.
AND IF IT GETS ONE
DEGREE HOTTER.
I'M GONNA KICK YOUR ASS.
[Thumping]
WHAT IN GOD'S NAME IS
THAT THUMPING SOUND?
[Thumping]
BOBBY. WHY DON'T YOU GO
OUT AND HELP YOUR DADDY?
YOU HAVE BEEN WATCHING
WAY TOO MUCH T.V.. SON.
UH?
COME ON. COME ON. BOBBY. UP.
NO MORE T.V. TURN IT OFF NOW.
[Crying]
OH.
OH. GOD LOVE THAT POOR MAN.
OH!
[Shrieks]
THERE. THAT'S BETTER.
[Doorbell rings]
[Thumping]
HELLO. I'M A SOCIAL
WORKER WITH THE STATE.
WOULD... WOULD YOU MIND IF
I TALK TO YOU FOR A MINUTE?
WELL. SURE. COME ON IN.
DAMN IT. THERE IT IS AGAIN.
WHERE IS THAT
THUMPING COMING FROM?
IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY.
COULD BE FAR-OFF HELICOPTERS.
U.N. HELICOPTERS.
DALE. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GIVE ME SOME LIGHT!
NOW! I... I CAN'T SEE!
OW! MY ARM!
MY HEAD! OW!
[Yelling]
OW! GOD! GOD!
MRS. HILL.
WOULD YOU SAY YOUR
HUSBAND HAS A BAD TEMPER?
WHO. HANK?
NO. HANK IS AS GENTLE AS A LAMB.
DANG.
NO MORE BOUNCING THAT BALL!
[Glass breaking]
HANK. WE HAVE A VISITOR.
SO YOUR ASSERTION. MR. HILL.
IS THAT BOBBY GOT THE BLACK
EYE AT HIS BASEBALL GAME?
THAT'S NOT MY ASSERTION.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED.
HAVE YOU EVER HIT
YOUR SON. MR. HILL?
NO!
WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU WRITING?
ALL YOU GOTTA WRITE
IS ONE WORD. "NO"!
MR. HILL.
I FEEL THAT YOU'RE COMING
FROM AN ANGER MINDSET.
AND IF YOU'RE PROJECTING
THIS ANGER ONTO ME.
IT GIVES ME GRAVE CONCERNS
AS TO HOW YOU FACILITATE
YOUR SON'S GROWTH IN PRIVATE.
MISTER. I HAVE NOT BEGUN
TO PROJECT MY ANGER ONTO YOU.
MRS. HILL.
HOW DID YOU GET THIS
HERE ON YOUR FOREHEAD?
OH. THIS? WELL. BOBBY
THREW HIS BASEBALL AT ME.
YOU THREW A BASEBALL
AT YOUR MOTHER?
OH. HANK. IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
SO WOULD THIS BE
THE SAME "BASEBALL"
THAT GAVE BOBBY THE BLACK EYE?
WITH HANK'S TRUCK
WHEN HE'S NOT AROUND?
I'M GONNA HELP GET HIM
THIS ALTERNATOR OFF.
[Snapping sound]
UH. DALE.
I THINK YOU RELEASED
THE BRAKE CABLE.
DALE!
NO. I DIDN'T.
I GUESS I BETTER
GET GOING. UH...
I GOT SOME EDGING TO DO.
DO YOU WORK OUTSIDE
THE HOME. MRS. HILL?
WELL. YES. I DO. I'M A
SUBSTITUTE SPANISH TEACHER.
[Speaking Spanish]
AND YOU JUST HAVE THE ONE SON?
UH-HUH.
YEAH. WELL. WE WOULD'VE
LIKED TO HAVE MORE KIDS.
BUT HANK HAS A NARROW URETHRA.
PEGGY!
IN FACT. HANK'S SPERM COUNT...
THAT'S ENOUGH.
WHAT IN THE HELL DID
YOU TELL HIM THAT FOR?
WELL. HE ASKED ME.
HE ASKED YOU HOW
MANY KIDS WE HAVE.
HE DIDN'T ASK YOU
ABOUT MY GLANDS.
PLEASE. MR. HILL.
LOUD IS NOT ALLOWED.
WHAT THE...
"LOUD IS NOT ALLOWED"?
NOW YOU LISTEN TO ME. MISTER.
I WORK FOR A LIVING.
AND I MEAN REAL WORK.
NOT WRITING DOWN GOBBLEDYGOOK.
I PROVIDE THE PEOPLE
OF THIS COMMUNITY
WITH PROPANE AND
PROPANE ACCESSORIES.
OH. WHEN I THINK OF ALL MY
HARD-EARNED TAX DOLLARS
GOING TO PAY A BUNCH OF LITTLE
TWIG-BOY BUREAUCRATS LIKE YOU...
IT JUST MAKES ME WANT TO...
OH. OH. GOD. IT JUST...
[Peggy] HANK?
HONEY. BRING ME MY B.C. HEADACHE
POWDER AND A GLASS OF WATER.
ALL RIGHT. HANK.
NOW. YOU LISTEN HERE.
YOU SEE THAT BOY?
THAT'S MY BOY.
AND IF YOU EVER TRY TO TAKE
HIM AWAY. SO HELP ME GOD.
I'LL TEAR YOU A NEW ONE
BIGGER THAN THE GRAND CANYON.
NOW I WANT YOU TO
GET OUT OF MY HOUSE.
YOU'RE NOT WELCOME HERE.
I MEAN NOW. BEFORE I
GIVE YOU A BLACK EYE! GIT!
♪ [Battle Hymn Of
The Republic playing]
[Dale] YOU WANT TO
KNOW ABOUT OL' HANK?
WELL. HANK'S GOT
A LOT OF PROBLEMS.
HEY. BABY! HOW ABOUT
A COUPLE OF BEERS!
SORRY. SUG'. GOTTA GO.
I GOT ANOTHER MIGRAINE
TREATMENT WITH JOHN REDCORN.
NANCY. YOU'VE BEEN GOING
TO THAT HEALER FOR 12 YEARS.
AND YOU STILL GET
HEADACHES EVERY NIGHT.
HEALING PROCESS
TAKES TIME. HONEY.
♪ [Foreigner
performing Hot Blooded]
[Social worker] GETTING
BACK TO THE HILL FAMILY.
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN
HANK HIT HIS CHILD. BOBBY?
HANK? NO SIR.
BOBBY'S HIS PRIDE AND JOY...
'CAUSE OF HIS NARROW URETHRA.
[Snickers]
ARE YOU ABSOLUTELY SURE?
100 PERCENT.
YOU CAN ASK MY SON.
HE'S BOBBY'S BEST FRIEND.
JOSEPH!
WHAT IS IT. DADDY?
YOU EVER SEEN HANK HIT BOBBY?
NUH-UH. NEVER.
SEE?
NOW. YOU CAN JUST
MOVE ALONG NOW.
I'VE BEEN CALLING Y'ALL PEOPLE
BETTER THAN A MONTH NOW.
GRIPE ABOUT Y'ALL EVERY TIME THAT
DANG OL' DOG CROSSES THE STREET.
STARTS YAPPING HIS JAW 24 HOURS
A DAY. AND NOBODY ANSWERED.
HOW YOU SUPPOSED
TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT
THAT DOG IF YOU JUST
GET ON YOUR COMPUTER?
AIN'T GONNA COME OVER HERE
AND SHUT THAT DANG OL' DOG UP.
[Bobby] AND THEN SOME
WEIRDO CAME OVER
AND WAS ASKING US A
BUNCH OF QUESTIONS.
YEAH.
HE ASKED ME IF YOUR
DAD EVER WHUPPED YOU.
HE HASN'T. RIGHT?
OF COURSE NOT!
YOU KNOW MY DAD. HE'S ALL BARK.
BOY. THAT GUY GOT
HIM MAD. THOUGH.
MY DAD WAS LIKE.
[Imitating Hank] "GET
OUT OF MY HOUSE!
"MY BOY AIN'T MUCH.
BUT HE'S ALL I GOT!"
[Laughs]
YOU DO GREAT IMPRESSIONS.
LET ME TRY.
"I'LL TEAR YOU A NEW ONE!
"WHEN I GET MY HANDS ON YOU.
"YOU LITTLE PEA-BRAIN.
"I'LL BUST YOUR BUTT
INTO LITTLE PIECES!"
OH. I KNEW IT!
GOOD GOD. PEGGY.
THIS WAS ON MY ROAD & TRACK.
LUANNE!
LUANNE. HONEY.
CAN WE TALK TO YOU?
WAIT! WAIT! NOT WHILE I'M HERE.
[Crying]
MAMA'S IN JAIL.
SHE WAS SAVING A QUART
OF BEER FOR BEFORE BED.
AND DADDY THREW IT OUT. AND
SHE WENT AFTER HIM WITH A FORK.
AND THE TRAILER TIPPED OVER.
AND EVERYTHING WENT UPSIDE DOWN.
AND IT'S ALL GONNA BE ON REAL
STORIES OF THE HIGHWAY PATROL!
AND THE WIG I STYLED FOR
BEAUTY ACADEMY IS RUINED.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO. UNCLE HANK?
UH. UH.
THERE. THERE. UH.
YOU CAN. UH. STAY WITH US
TILL YOUR MAMA COMES HOME.
AND YOU'LL. UH. STYLE A NEW WIG
BETTER THAN BEFORE. UH...
I'LL LET YOU USE MY TOOLS.
OH.
THANKS. UNCLE HANK.
SHE HAS GOT TO GO.
[Doorbell rings]
BOBBY?
BOBBY. ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
COME ON OUT.
I THOUGHT I TOLD
YOU TO GET LOST.
COME ON. BOBBY.
I CAN PUT YOU WITH A NICE
FOSTER FAMILY IN NORTH ARLEN.
WHERE YOU CAN DEVELOP
HEALTHY LIFE ADAPTATIONS.
AND THEY'VE GOT A POOL.
HONEY. LET'S GIVE HIM LUANNE.
HEY. I GOT A GIRL IN HERE
YOU CAN TAKE RIGHT NOW.
DON'T YOU WANT TO LIVE
IN A HOUSE WITH A POOL?
NO.
SEE. TWIG BOY?
NOW GET YOUR SKINNY
BUTT OFF OF MY PROPERTY.
BOBBY.
I KNOW YOU CAN'T
TALK IN FRONT OF HIM.
I SAID GIT! GIT!
GET OUT OF HERE!
OK.
YOU ARE OUT OF CONTROL!
YOU'RE OUT OF CONTROL. TWIGGY.
[Slurping]
MMM. THANKS FOR
THE LATTE. KENNETH.
ANTHONY. COULD I
SEE YOU A MINUTE?
SO ON THIS HILL FAMILY CASE.
YOU COULDN'T CONFIRM
ANY ACTUAL ABUSE.
BUT YOU STILL RECOMMENDED
THE STATE TAKE CUSTODY?
OH... OH. YEAH. I MEAN. THE WHOLE
NEIGHBORHOOD WAS REDNECK CITY.
DID... DID YOU SEE IN THE REPORT
HOW HE DENTED MY GEO?
HMM. "REDNECK CITY."
THAT'S PRETTY FUNNY.
WHERE YOU FROM. SON?
LOS ANGELES.
HMM.
LET'S SEE HERE.
"HIT BY A BASEBALL."
HMPH.
SO. UH. HOW DID
YOU LIKE OL' HARVEY?
[Gulps]
WHO'S HARVEY?
OH. HE'S THE LITTLE
LEAGUE COACH.
YOU DID TALK TO THE LITTLE
LEAGUE COACH. DIDN'T YOU?
[Gulps] HA. HA.
[Drilling]
[Banging]
SON. HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?
DAD! WAIT! DAD.
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO YELL AT ME ANYMORE.
THE GUY FROM THE STATE
SAID YOUR HOSTILITY INVALIDATES
OUR PARENT-CHILD CONTRACT.
YOU'RE QUOTING
THAT TWIG BOY AT ME?
HANK. THE NEIGHBORS.
REMEMBER. HE SAID.
"LOUD IS NOT ALLOWED." DAD...
OR THEY'LL TAKE ME AWAY.
[Sighs]
OH. GOD.
[Giggles]
[Phone ringing]
HELLO?
[Boss] IS THIS THE HILL
RESIDENCE? WHO AM I TALKING TO?
BOBBY HILL.
WELL. SON. THIS IS THE
STATE SOCIAL SERVICES.
WE'RE CALLING OFF OUR
INVESTIGATION OF YOUR FATHER.
THE WORKER THAT VISITED YOU
WILL BE LEAVING THE OFFICE
AND GOING BACK TO L.A.
NOW. YOU PLEASE TELL YOUR PARENTS
WE APOLOGIZE FOR THE MISUNDERSTANDING.
OK.
I'LL TELL THEM. BYE.
BOBBY. WHO WAS THAT?
UH.
WRONG NUMBER.
♪ [Hank humming]
[Luanne] I BORROWED YOUR
TRUCK THIS MORNING. UNCLE HANK.
IT WOULDN'T START AT FIRST.
'CAUSE YOU HAD A CLOGGED FUEL LINE.
BUT I BLEW IT CLEAN.
HMM.
HEY. BOBBY.
GO PLUG THIS IN
THE GARAGE FOR ME.
WANT TO SEE SOMETHING COOL?
WHAT IN THE HECK?
DON'T YOU SEE I'M WORKING HERE?
CLOSE THE DANG DOOR.
UH. BOB. JUST KEEP PUT... STOP!
STOP HITTING THAT BUTTON!
GIVE ME THAT THING!
DAD.
THAT'S NOT RESPECTFUL
ADULT-CHILD GROWTH DIALOGUE.
I'LL GIVE YOU DIALOGUE
THAT'S NOT COMING
FROM A CENTER OF ANGER.
PLEASE RETURN THE GARAGE DOOR
TO ITS FACTORY-PRESET
DOWN POSITION!
[Chuckles]
THAT IS COOL.
[Hank] BOBBY. HEY!
PLEASE. UH. RESPECT...
MY FENCE'S RIGHT TO BE A FENCE.
NOW!
[Boys laughing]
YOU CAN'T DO NOTHING.
[Hank screaming]
[Hank] HEY! HEY!
YOU'RE ALL WET. DAD!
[Hank howling]
CREAK.
[Imitating footsteps]
BOING.
WHAT ON GOD'S GREEN EARTH
ARE YOU MAKING THOSE NOISES FOR?
THEY'RE SOUND EFFECTS. LIKE
THAT GUY ON POLICE ACADEMY.
THAT'S WHAT I'M GONNA DO
WHEN I GROW UP. I'VE DECIDED.
AND DAD CAN'T SAY BOO ABOUT IT.
BOBBY.
A MAN FROM THE CHILD
PROTECTIVE SERVICES JUST CAME BY.
NOW. HE SAID THAT HE
TOLD YOU LAST WEEK
THAT THIS INVESTIGATION WAS OFF.
OH.
PLEASE DON'T TELL DAD!
WELL. SON. I HAVE TO.
HE'S BEEN WORRIED.
BUT I LIKE HIM BETTER THIS WAY.
HOW COME?
I CAN MAKE HIM LOVE ME
EVEN WHEN I SCREW UP.
IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK?
[Sighs]
IT'S HARD. PEGGY.
I DON'T WANT TO LOSE MY
LITTLE BOY. MY ONLY SON.
BUT. OH. IT'S HARD.
WELL. YOU CAN RELAX.
THE INVESTIGATION HAS
BEEN OFF FOR A WEEK.
ONLY. BOBBY DIDN'T TELL US.
I'LL KILL HIM!
ALL RIGHT. CALM DOWN. HONEY.
NOW LET ME EXPLAIN.
HE DIDN'T DO IT TO BE MEAN.
BOBBY HONESTLY DOESN'T THINK
THAT YOU LOVE HIM ALL THE TIME.
THAT'S CRAZY. COURSE I LOVE HIM.
VERY GOOD. NOW. SAY IT TO BOBBY.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I WANT YOU TO TELL BOBBY
THAT YOUR LOVE FOR
HIM IS UNCONDITIONAL.
I CAN'T SAY THAT. I CAN'T!
YOU KNOW HOW I WAS RAISED.
WHAT MY FATHER'S LIKE.
I GOT MY SHINS BLOWED OFF
BY A JAPAN MAN'S MACHINE GUN!
SO DON'T COME CRYING TO
ME WITH YOUR PROBLEMS!
HONEY. I AM BEGGING YOU.
FOR THE SAKE OF THIS FAMILY.
YOU HAVE GOT TO DO IT.
HE'S WAITING FOR YOU
OUT ON THE PORCH.
OH. JEEZ.
[Muttering] DAMN TWIG
BOY COMES OVER HERE...
[Clears throat]
UH...
YOU. UH...
YOU'RE MY SON.
WELL. YOU KNOW.
WITH EVERYTHING. UH...
THAT ENTAILS. UH...
UH-HUH.
UH.
YOU KNOW. UH...
FEELINGS OF. UH. FONDNESS.
AND MORE...
[Laughs nervously]
YOU KNOW WHAT I
MEAN. DON'T YOU. BOY?
NO.
[Sighing]
WELL. UH...
[High-pitched wheeze]
THAT'S A HELL OF A WEIRD SOUND.
I NEVER MADE THAT BEFORE.
UH. I...
YOU...
UH...
FAMILY.
YOU'RE NOT MAKING
THIS EASY ON ME. BOY.
[Sighs]
OK.
I LOVE YOU NO MATTER
WHAT YOU DO. THERE! WHEW!
LET'S GO GET SOMETHING TO EAT!
I'M NOT...
JUST A BIG
DISAPPOINTMENT TO YOU?
DISAPPOINTMENT?
NO. YOU MAKE ME PROUD.
I'VE BEEN DISAPPOINTED
BY JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING
ELSE IN THIS TOWN.
BUT YOU? NOT ONCE.
DAMN IT. YOU'RE MY BOY.
YOU KNOW BETTER THAN THAT.
[Giggling]
[Social worker] HE PUNCHED
HIM! I KNEW IT! I TOLD THEM!
D-DID YOU SEE THAT?
SEE WHAT. TWIG BOY?
[Sighs] NEVER MIND.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm